# Introduction
Science, for most of its history, has been confined to the pristine and controlled walls of a laboratory, and has effectively been hidden away from the general public. Whilst this approach may have worked well in the past, it is not the best approach for the future. In the midst of a digital age, science now has the tools which allow it to be accessed by a global population, and terms such as ‘citizen science’ and ‘open science’ are now at the heart of a new approach to science, one which includes the citizen in the process of creating the knowledge, but also making the knowledge accessible. 

Neuroscience is one of the many areas of science, in which research cannot be restricted to a laboratory, meaning the research and the field must open up to the public. In order to make more progress, and fully unpack and understand the natural workings of the complex human brain, it must be observed in its original environment where it evolved over thousands of years, inside a living body, situated in a busy and demanding world. 
Studying the inner brain, without the use of invasive procedures, remains one of the greatest obstacles in neuroscience. However the human brain relies on many different sources of information, one of which are the eyes, providing a window for the brain to examine the world around it. Therefore, by observing the reactions and movements of the eyes, one can almost observe the inner workings of the brain.

_‘Surprising Minds on YouTube’_ is a project which aims to study the unique responses of a range of human eyes to similar stimuli. Looking at the reaction of a person’s eyes can provide clues about what they find compelling or surprising, which helps understand some of their brain activity and further, can show trends within a particular demographic. In addition, using a non-invasive, mobile eye tracking headset in public spaces, not only opens up a much larger and more diverse sample of the human species for research, but also helps connect more people of all ages and backgrounds to neuroscience, thus, forming a small step in opening up the research, previously limited to a laboratory. 
