## Contexual signals in visual cortex
The article begins with a brief overview of the current model for information processing in the brain – one of feedforward systems and stimulus driven perception. However, visual processing is not entirely composed of such processing, and this model does not account for many aspects of visual processing. Visual processing can be strongly influenced by many factors such as attention, expectation and the visual scene. Therefore, visual processing is likely to be a combination of stimulus driven processing and pre-existing internal models. The article then introduces the difficulty in identifying circuit mechanisms of contextual influences, and goes on to discuss some developments in contextual signals related to movement from one place to another. 

The article also highlights the relevance of top-down signals, which have a range of effects and can enable plasticity and can gate learning. However, the sources of these signals are still relatively unknown. The theory of Predictive Coding and some experimental evidence supporting it is also mentioned. The article concludes with the notion that visual perception arises from complex loops encompassing many areas of the brain. 

Throughout the article, several parts of the brain are discussed, such as the anterior cingulate cortex and higher-order pulvinar complex, what are the functions and relevance of these parts to visual processing? There is also a lot of technical terminology, what are the definitions of these? The understanding of this terminology would really help understand the article better. Also, to what extent does stimulus expectation influence processing, and does it dominate over stimulus driven perception, or are they balanced?
