**Contextual Signals - Short Summary**
<br><br>
The article discusses how raw visual information received by sensory neurons can be manipulated by information relayed by various other structures within the brain. These structures provide what is referred to as contextual signals which, alongside primary sensory input, are essential ingredients for visual perception. Locomotion or physical state, having the ability to induce physical adjustments relating to the neural web of interactions within the visual cortex, is a feature that can induce said contextual signals with the assistance of certain cholinergic and noradrenergic pathways. The effect of particular motor events was observed in mice in a controlled experiment whereby visual responses were monitored at times of high and low motor activity - upon contrasting the findings from both conditions, it was concluded that lower levels of activity correlated with weakened visual response. Alongside this, further research findings propose that learning also induces neural alterations via a phenomenon known as synaptic plasticity. The article then draws on the concept of Predictive Coding, whilst providing a compact map of the neural circuits implicated in this cognitive process. Somatosensory cells, as implied by these models, are key ingredients allowing for the collaboration between contextual signals and sensory input in this context. Alongside behavioural state and locomotion, the theory also suggests that mental models or the preconstructed expectations can influence what is perceived. 
<br><br>
**Extras**
<br><br>
- Possibly include more debate about the topic or address and analyse more opposing arguments. 
