## To make sense of the present, brains may predict the future
Rather than the initial 20th century view, of the brain receiving a sensory input, always sending it to higher levels for processing and then producing a behavioural output, a new theory of Predictive Coding has recently emerged. Predictive Coding offers a hypothesis which combines perception and motor control under a single mechanism. The brain receives a stimulus, compares it with an existing internal model or prediction, and any changes in what it receives are sent to higher levels. Other existing models are then updated with the ‘prediction error’ detected. 

This idea also incorporates ideas about the Bayesian brain, a view of brain processing which includes  theories that the brain is constantly constructing hypotheses about how the world works (predictions/internal model), contrary to waiting for sensory stimuli to drive cognition. The model of Predictive Coding could also explain neuropsychiatric and developmental disorders. However, until recently, there was very little experimental evidence to support this theory. The article also includes the discrepancies surrounding the Predictive Coding mechanism accounting for all of brain activity.

Throughout the article, many new concepts, theories and studies are mentioned and introduced, such as the idea of the Bayesian brain, which could be clarified and expanded further in more detail, rather than the paragraph assigned to it now, especially as it is relevant due to it including some similar concepts to the Predictive Coding theory and also quite interesting. In addition, the practical impacts of the Predictive Coding theory could be expanded upon, such as the uses in Artificial Intelligence and computer systems.
